Improve redis_cloud README.md (#2773)
DataDog/integrations-extras: redis_cloud/README.md

   ```

> For containerized environments, see the [Datadog documentation page][4]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note**: For containerized environments, see the [Datadog documentation page][4]. 
```

> 2. Configure the integration by setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to your cluster's master node. See [Getting Started with Integrations][5] and the Configuration section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure the integration by setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to your cluster's master node. See the Configuration section below for more information.
```

3. [Restart][6] the Agent.

> 

Reviewer: Then we can update the ### Configuration section with: "Set the `openmetrics_endpoint` to point to your cluster. See [Getting Started with Integrations][5] and the [example][7]. Leave `tls_verify` set to false."
